[Lens] Add some more documentation for dynamic coloring (#101369)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/dashboard/lens.asciidoc

===== Is it possible to have more than one y-axis scale in visualizations?

*Lens* lets you pick, for each Y dimension, up to two distinct axis: *left* and *right*. Each axis can have a different scale.

[float]
[[why-my-value-is-not-of-the-right-color-using-dynamic-coloring]]

> ===== Why mt value is not of the right color when using dynamic coloring?

Reviewer: Are we using the term "dynamic coloring" anywhere else? I don't think it's self-explanatory

Author: Fair point. I assumed here it will be in the release notes.
Probably I'd suggest then `datatable coloring`, wdyt?

Reviewer: Sounds good to me. Other things that would work IMHO:
* conditional coloring
* value-based coloring
* table cell coloring

> ===== Why mt value is not of the right color when using value-based coloring?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
===== Why is my value the incorrect color when using value-based coloring?
```

> There could be various reason for a specific value in the table to have a different color than expected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There could be various reasons for a specific value in the table to have a different color than expected.
```

Here's a short list of few different aspects to check:

> * Make sure the value falls within the desidered color stop value defined in the panel. Color stop values are "inclusive".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Make sure the value falls within the desired color stop value defined in the panel. Color stop values are "inclusive".
```

> * Make sure the value falls within the desidered color stop value defined in the panel. Color stop values are "inclusive".

Reviewer 2: I'm a little out of my realm here. Do users know what "inclusive" means when it comes to color stop values?

Author: Inclusivity, in this context refers to "ranges", so I would expect they are. I do not have a strong opinion here on the terminology, so if anything better comes I'm open.

> * Make sure to have the right value precision setup: value formatters could round up or down numeric values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Make sure you have the right value precision setup: value formatters could round the numeric values up or down.
```

> * Make sure the right color continuity option is selected: if the number is below the first color stop value a continuity of type `Below` or `Above and below range` is required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Make sure the right color continuity option is selected: if the number is below the first color stop value, a continuity of type `Below` or `Above and below range` is required.
```

> * The values set by default by the Value type are based on the current data range displayed on the data table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The default values set by the Value type are based on the current data range displayed on the data table.
```

> ** If a `Number` custom configuration is used, check the color stops value are covering the current data range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** If a custom `Number` configuration is used, check that the color stop values are covering the current data range.
```

> ** If a `Percent` configuration is used, when the data range changes this has an effect on colors displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** If a `Percent` configuration is used, and the data range changes, the colors displayed are affected.
```
